Document assist_satellite integration (#34604)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/assist_satellite.markdown

---
title: Assist Satellite
description: Remote satellites that use Assist.
ha_category:
  - Voice
ha_release: '2024.10'
ha_codeowners:

>   - '@balloob'

Reviewer: It's the Core team and Mike.

  - '@synesthesiam'
ha_domain: assist_satellite
ha_integration_type: entity
ha_quality_scale: internal
---

> Platform for remote satellites that use [Assist](/voice_control/) to control and interact with Home Assistant. This {% term integration %} allows other integrations to represent these satellites in a consistent manner.

Reviewer: It's not a platform. Other integrations will implement a platform under this domain.

```suggestion
This is an integration for remote satellites that use [Assist](/voice_control/) to control and interact with Home Assistant. This {% term integration %} allows other integrations to represent these satellites in a consistent manner.
```

Reviewer: Maybe rewrite it to decrease some repetition of "this integration".
